---
title: 'day #3 & #4'
author: jsmarquis
type: post
aliases:
  - /2010/01/2010-01-04-day-3-4.md
date: 2010-01-04T14:46:00+00:00
tags:
- challenge
- changing routine
- church
- movement
- progress
- relationships

---
yesterday, we visited our friends&#8217; church, [poiema][1], one much closer to us than the one we&#8217;ve been attending in north phoenix.

it was odd doing this, as we&#8217;ve been going to <a href="http://paradisechurch.com/">PVCC</a> since we moved here, and we&#8217;ve made some great friends there.

still, we were interested in checking out poiema & meeting some new people.

and for those of us who know <a href="http://genesisthechurch.org/">genesis</a>, our church back in royal oak, you&#8217;d know how at home we felt when we found out the following:

poiema is currently a bohemian church.

it was meeting in an elementary school that raised its rent,

so it moved onto another building that ended up having exposed asbestos,

and so it ended up yesterday in the basement/senior center of a generous (& humongous) phoenix church.


it was incredible to be there, people milling about outside & making new friends before the senior citizens let us into the building,

the energy of the unexpected,

the sounds of the latino church singing & praising in the space above us.

we stepped out of our comfort zone all morning & met people active in the arts, technology, & social justice concerns around phoenix.

and the pastor reminded us all that the Church isn&#8217;t a building but rather community & relationships.

<i>how beautiful to be part of this inconvenience!</i>

and so this morning i am expressing gratitude for a roaming church that welcomed us in without hesitation,

for relationships that are real & for the fact that we are all moving forward!

 [1]: http://www.poiemachurch.com/