---
title: 'day #12'
author: jsmarquis
type: post
aliases:
  - /2010/01/2010-01-13-day-12.md
date: 2010-01-13T04:51:00+00:00
tags:
  - accepting
  - changing routine
  - work

---
i decided to inconvenience myself today.

  being someone who arranges grocery bags so everything can get carried in on one trip,

  plots out maps so all errands can be run in one linear course,

  and arranges my schedule to make room for surprises,

  i don&#8217;t allow space for inconvenience.


  so i suppose i was due some.


  the call came as i prepared to tackle a new data analysis project:

  i was needed to assist with proctoring an exam.

  this had not been in my schedule, and so i thought about my options:

  being that this was an inconvenience for me, perhaps we should find a time when it would be more convenient &, therefore, comfortable.


  but then i remembered why i do this job.

  it&#8217;s not about <i>my</i> sense of security;

  it&#8217;s about helping young people discover their passion.

  why would i squash that because i had my own to-do list?


  so i chose to be inconvenienced,

  gathering all my items with me to take to the exam room.

  (i wouldn&#8217;t want to have to make a second trip because i forgot something.)

  the student & i sat down,

  she with her exam,

  i without enough space to work on my project while waiting for her.


  <i>and i was uncharacteristically grateful for that,</i>

  <i>because i would not have planned it that way.</i>


  when she finished, she smiled & thanked me several times.

  i sincerely told her it was my pleasure.


  i remembered my passion for my job today.

  it came from getting out of my routine & actually looking at why i was there.