---
title: 'days #26-#30'
author: jsmarquis
type: post
date: 2010-01-31T01:34:00+00:00
tags:
  - challenge
  - changing routine
  - openness
  - security
  - stirred-up
  - unplanned

---
this week has been busy & full of life lessons.

  i&#8217;ve traveled to & from tucson (soon to be to & from again),

  assisted bob in editing our film to submit to a film festival,

  attempted to actually get some work done at the office,

  and engaged in a work activity that involved downtown PHX & the light rail.


  that last one is what i want to really examine right now.

  the concept of this event was a photo collage of an adventure with coworkers.

  the purpose of it was to get us out of the office & learning about each other.


  but that doesn&#8217;t mean i wasn&#8217;t partially dreading it.


  my comfort zone is somewhat nebulous, but there is a key trait:

  i act alone.

  pushing my boundaries is a lot easier when i don&#8217;t have someone there pushing them with me.

  and this event forced me to push my boundaries with 5 people i barely know in a teamwork event.


  can i tell you a secret?

  it was great.


      in my cynical college-student days,

      i would&#8217;ve referred to this as mandated fun.

      that day, though, i actually got it.

      riding on the light rail, racing from museum to library,

      i felt like i was expanding.

      (it was probably just my comfort zone that was shape-shifting, but i could feel myself going along with it.)


      <i>passion is messy, and it must not be assigned parameters.</i>

      when i sit in a comfort zone of my own design with fences to keep me inside,

      i miss out on the energy right outside it.


      if i keep on doing what i&#8217;ve done before,

      i&#8217;ll just keep creating what i&#8217;ve created before.


      that&#8217;s boring.


      God created us as relational beings,

      and we need more than just ourselves to make real magic happen in this world.

      so i now have 5 more people in my life, 5 more sources of creativity & magic.