---
layout: blog
type: post
title: saliba
date: '2018-09-06T09:48:00-07:00'
tags:
  - feminism
  - integration
  - '#writingfromthemiddle'
---
Hard truth: Uncovering and confessing all the places where I didn't do my homework or chose to practice willful ignorance have been major blows to my ego. I've prided myself on research, analysis, and decisiveness, but a specter confronts me daily representing all the issues I never cared enough to look into. The specter - which I'm nicknaming Saliba after the Jesuit professor who taught me to interrogate my beliefs - lists off unexplored topics where I've defaulted to another's opinion. On good days, I'd say he's inspiring me; on bad days, I'd call it nagging.

Regardless, I love Saliba. I need Saliba. I've lost a lot of people I looked up to for answers and opinions. No, they didn't die. Much worse: They turned out to be counterfeits. Saliba points out where I adopted their stances, quotes, and arguments instead of examining and formulating my own.

"Why do you think that?" he prods. I flush red in humiliation as I recall it was handed to me in a pamphlet or a lesson.

There's this scene in the '90s sitcom _Newsradio_ where the ex of Dave's girlfriend, Lisa, is sitting in Dave's office. The ex, Dr. Frank Westford, is a psychiatrist, and Dave is pissed off about how Frank is providing counseling to the staff while Dave refuses to participate. In the scene, Dave goes off on Frank about all his anger over Frank's arrival and behavior. Relieved, he allows Frank to speak, who then informs him that this is exactly what counseling is.

That scene is essentially what I experienced when I discovered I was a feminist - and had been much of my life. In my borrowed beliefs, feminism was antithetical to human flourishing. It hampered relationships and promoted selfishness. Stories abounded among our community about white women who left their families and acted obscenely in the name of women's rights. That wasn't me! Yes, I believed in gender equality and had ambitions that equalled or surpassed many of my male peers. Yes, I took women's studies courses and advocated for women's health in the U.S. and in cultures around the world. Yes, I noticed when women were excluded from positions, and I sought out reasons why. However, _those_ were not acts of feminism! Those were simply being a good human who believes in equal rights for all!

Which is feminism.*

It led me to inquire why I had avoided the title. Saliba stood nearby with hands folded behind his back, watching over my shoulder as I finally did my homework.

The answer, I admitted with no small amount of shame, was that I had listened to men define what women's rights should be. I believed they had a better perspective than I did - than my sisters did - on what we needed and what feminism meant to us. They told us it was a cancer to the family unit and thus to society, and we ate it up because why wouldn't we? We had no reason to question them because we believed they were the wisest, the best, the appointed. We believed because we were told.

Saliba showed me the trail of crumbs leading me to embrace something I wouldn't at face value. Here's the trail:

Someone I trust says this person is the authority, and this person declares a nonnegotiable position on something. I accept it and declare it as my position.

The tricky thing was that these authority figures pointed out this formula in our "enemies", rolling their eyes at the way those who opposed our beliefs had come to develop their own. _They_ had been duped. _They_ weren't thinking for themselves. _They_ were wrong and following blindly to their own destruction.

Saliba arched an eyebrow above his glasses, then turned to the chalkboard to cross off one more area I'd explored on my own.

Then he moved on to the next.

\* - I'm probably not a feminist by some people's standards, as my feminism goes way outside of white, able-bodied, cishet women. But that's another discussion for another time.
