---
title: day 30
author: jsmarquis
type: post
date: 2008-09-19T14:12:00+00:00
tags:
  - 90 days
  - growth

---
we&#8217;re 1/3 of the way through.  
33.3333333333333&#8230;%  
but that 1/3 is just when it comes to time, not to the actual goal.

we prayerfully set the goal of raising $80,000 in 90 days.  
the purposes of this goal were to help us:

  * get focused on the Lord
  * get out of debt
  * get giving to some important causes.

of course, we realize $80,000 isn&#8217;t petty cash.  
so we have been working daily to create new opportunities for cash flow & savings.

we&#8217;ve done well with the savings part.  
cash flow is a bit more challenging.

but every morning, we pray that God will lead us in this goal,  
that we will be intentional & work together with Him to make something happen much bigger than us.  
we can&#8217;t do this on our own, and we don&#8217;t want to.

there is a log of all our progress & regress each day since we started.  
it&#8217;s interesting to see how far we&#8217;ve come according to this log.  
i write much more, and bob is much more serious about filming & teaching.  
we don&#8217;t have cable, and we hardly watch TV.  
eating out is a rare occasion, and i&#8217;m learning [slowly] how to cook.

we don&#8217;t just dream now &#8212; we act.

it must be clarified here:  
we&#8217;re not trying to get out of debt so we can be rich.  
it&#8217;s more of the idea of not serving 2 masters,  
and right now the monster comprised of student loans, mortgage, & bills is quite our slave-driver.

so we&#8217;re giving back the reins to our true & good Master,  
and we&#8217;re saying,  
&#8220;You own everything; work in us in this situation so we can help others in theirs.&#8221;