---
title: 'day #3 & #4'
author: jsmarquis
type: post
date: 2010-01-04T14:46:00+00:00
url: /2010/01/04/2010-01-day-3-4-html/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - challenge
  - changing routine
  - church
  - movement
  - progress
  - relationships

---
yesterday, we visited our friends&#8217; church, [poiema][1], one much closer to us than the one we&#8217;ve been attending in north phoenix.

<div>
  it was odd doing this, as we&#8217;ve been going to <a href="http://paradisechurch.com/">PVCC</a> since we moved here, and we&#8217;ve made some great friends there.
</div>

<div>
  still, we were interested in checking out poiema & meeting some new people.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  and for those of us who know <a href="http://genesisthechurch.org/">genesis</a>, our church back in royal oak, you&#8217;d know how at home we felt when we found out the following:
</div>

<div>
  poiema is currently a bohemian church.
</div>

<div>
  it was meeting in an elementary school that raised its rent,
</div>

<div>
  so it moved onto another building that ended up having exposed asbestos,
</div>

<div>
  and so it ended up yesterday in the basement/senior center of a generous (& humongous) phoenix church.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  it was incredible to be there, people milling about outside & making new friends before the senior citizens let us into the building,
</div>

<div>
  the energy of the unexpected,
</div>

<div>
  the sounds of the latino church singing & praising in the space above us.
</div>

<div>
  we stepped out of our comfort zone all morning & met people active in the arts, technology, & social justice concerns around phoenix.
</div>

<div>
  and the pastor reminded us all that the Church isn&#8217;t a building but rather community & relationships.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  <i>how beautiful to be part of this inconvenience!</i>
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  and so this morning i am expressing gratitude for a roaming church that welcomed us in without hesitation,
</div>

<div>
  for relationships that are real & for the fact that we are all moving forward!
</div>

 [1]: http://www.poiemachurch.com/