---
title: 'days #26-#30'
author: jsmarquis
type: post
date: 2010-01-31T01:34:00+00:00
url: /2010/01/31/2010-01-days-26-30-html/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - challenge
  - changing routine
  - openness
  - security
  - stirred-up
  - unplanned

---
this week has been busy & full of life lessons.

<div>
  i&#8217;ve traveled to & from tucson (soon to be to & from again),
</div>

<div>
  assisted bob in editing our film to submit to a film festival,
</div>

<div>
  attempted to actually get some work done at the office,
</div>

<div>
  and engaged in a work activity that involved downtown PHX & the light rail.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  that last one is what i want to really examine right now.
</div>

<div>
  the concept of this event was a photo collage of an adventure with coworkers.
</div>

<div>
  the purpose of it was to get us out of the office & learning about each other.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  but that doesn&#8217;t mean i wasn&#8217;t partially dreading it.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  my comfort zone is somewhat nebulous, but there is a key trait:
</div>

<div>
  i act alone.
</div>

<div>
  pushing my boundaries is a lot easier when i don&#8217;t have someone there pushing them with me.
</div>

<div>
  and this event forced me to push my boundaries with 5 people i barely know in a teamwork event.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  can i tell you a secret?
</div>

<div>
  it was great.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  <div>
    in my cynical college-student days,
  </div>
  
  <div>
    i would&#8217;ve referred to this as mandated fun.
  </div>
  
  <div>
    that day, though, i actually got it.
  </div>
  
  <div>
    riding on the light rail, racing from museum to library,
  </div>
  
  <div>
    i felt like i was expanding.
  </div>
  
  <div>
    (it was probably just my comfort zone that was shape-shifting, but i could feel myself going along with it.)
  </div>
  
  <div>
  </div>
  
  <div>
    <i>passion is messy, and it must not be assigned parameters.</i>
  </div>
  
  <div>
    when i sit in a comfort zone of my own design with fences to keep me inside,
  </div>
  
  <div>
    i miss out on the energy right outside it.
  </div>
  
  <div>
  </div>
  
  <div>
    if i keep on doing what i&#8217;ve done before,
  </div>
  
  <div>
    i&#8217;ll just keep creating what i&#8217;ve created before.
  </div>
  
  <div>
  </div>
  
  <div>
    that&#8217;s boring.
  </div>
  
  <div>
  </div>
  
  <div>
    God created us as relational beings,
  </div>
  
  <div>
    and we need more than just ourselves to make real magic happen in this world.
  </div>
  
  <div>
    so i now have 5 more people in my life, 5 more sources of creativity & magic.
  </div>
</div>