---
title: 'day #12'
author: jsmarquis
type: post
date: 2010-01-13T04:51:00+00:00
url: /2010/01/13/2010-01-day-12-html/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - accepting
  - changing routine
  - work

---
i decided to inconvenience myself today.

<div>
  being someone who arranges grocery bags so everything can get carried in on one trip,
</div>

<div>
  plots out maps so all errands can be run in one linear course,
</div>

<div>
  and arranges my schedule to make room for surprises,
</div>

<div>
  i don&#8217;t allow space for inconvenience.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  so i suppose i was due some.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  the call came as i prepared to tackle a new data analysis project:
</div>

<div>
  i was needed to assist with proctoring an exam.
</div>

<div>
  this had not been in my schedule, and so i thought about my options:
</div>

<div>
  being that this was an inconvenience for me, perhaps we should find a time when it would be more convenient &, therefore, comfortable.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  but then i remembered why i do this job.
</div>

<div>
  it&#8217;s not about <i>my</i> sense of security;
</div>

<div>
  it&#8217;s about helping young people discover their passion.
</div>

<div>
  why would i squash that because i had my own to-do list?
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  so i chose to be inconvenienced,
</div>

<div>
  gathering all my items with me to take to the exam room.
</div>

<div>
  (i wouldn&#8217;t want to have to make a second trip because i forgot something.)
</div>

<div>
  the student & i sat down,
</div>

<div>
  she with her exam,
</div>

<div>
  i without enough space to work on my project while waiting for her.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  <i>and i was uncharacteristically grateful for that,</i>
</div>

<div>
  <i>because i would not have planned it that way.</i>
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  when she finished, she smiled & thanked me several times.
</div>

<div>
  i sincerely told her it was my pleasure.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  i remembered my passion for my job today.
</div>

<div>
  it came from getting out of my routine & actually looking at why i was there.
</div>