---
title: 'days #15-#18'
author: jsmarquis
type: post
date: 2010-01-18T16:35:00+00:00
url: /2010/01/18/2010-01-days-15-18-html/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - alignment
  - church
  - clogged arteries
  - killing dreams
  - unplanned

---
three-day weekends throw me for a loop.

<div>
  when i was younger, a day off meant VACATION!
</div>

<div>
  now, it means having more time for organizing, errand-running, & homework.
</div>

<div>
  my to-do list for today looks nothing like a passion-igniter.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  but yesterday&#8217;s message at our church certainly was.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  after talking about how our small expectations can get in the way of God actually creating something awesome &#8212;
</div>

<div>
  or, at least, get in the way of us appreciating it
</div>

<div>
  &#8212; pastor john challenged us to consider some questions during reflection time.
</div>

<div>
  the last one was the one that got me:
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  <i>what &#8220;small&#8221; dream do you need to kill off to make way for the big plans God has for you?</i>
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  ouch.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  i am notorious for planning first, then asking God what He thinks later.
</div>

<div>
  and my dreams are often selfish.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  so to be faced with a question asking what artery-clogging agent i am clinging to that is keeping the blood flowing to the right places&#8230;
</div>

<div>
  well, needless to say i had an unexpected, uncomfortable about-face right then & there.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  it&#8217;s contradictory to say,
</div>

<div>
  &#8220;i believe God has the best in mind for me,&#8221;
</div>

<div>
  then go make my own plans & get angry at Him when He intervenes.
</div>

<div>
  and my passion is squelched when i take it all into my own hands.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  so i used the reflection time to do some serious open heart surgery.
</div>

<div>
  i want those arteries cleaned out so my heart pumps clearly & in rhythm with Daddy&#8217;s song for my life.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  today, amongst the errand-running & such,
</div>

<div>
  i&#8217;m making time to offer up dreams for the killing.
</div>

<div>
  i know if He takes one, He&#8217;ll replace it with something better.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  He always has & always will.
</div>

<div>
  and He is where true passion starts.
</div>