---
title: 'days #13 & #14'
author: jsmarquis
type: post
date: 2010-01-15T14:57:00+00:00
url: /2010/01/15/2010-01-days-13-14-html/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - burnout
  - flow
  - openness
  - peace
  - simplifying

---
learning to simplify.

<div>
  <i>it&#8217;s hard to experience passion when i&#8217;m pulled in numerous directions.</i>
</div>

<div>
  i might mistake the ache of excitement for just an ache of overload &#8212;
</div>

<div>
  if i feel the ache at all.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  throughout the past several years, i&#8217;ve been learning about setting boundaries.
</div>

<div>
  this includes knowing my limits & respecting them,
</div>

<div>
  while also pushing those that have growth potential.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  this requires some interesting conditional formatting in my life&#8217;s excel table.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  IF stretching in this area leads to simplification & joy,
</div>

<div>
  THEN seek stretching opportunities.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  IF stretching in this area leads to burnout & misery,
</div>

<div>
  THEN set a boundary to honor known limits.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  so as i&#8217;m simplifying, i&#8217;m reviewing some of my established boundaries.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  for example, i&#8217;m currently working full-time & going to school full-time.
</div>

<div>
  i&#8217;m also involved in making films with bob, writing articles for publication, maintaining this blog & my comic blog, attending church, networking socially/professionally, & other activities.
</div>

<div>
  my time can only be divided so many ways, though,
</div>

<div>
  so i&#8217;m evaluating ways to better simplify my activities so i can create room for passion.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  bob, on the other hand, simplifies by removing clutter.
</div>

<div>
  he feels open to creativity when his stuff if physically organized & stored away.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  it&#8217;s interesting all the preparations we need to make to welcome flow.
</div>

<div>
  perhaps a dose of preventative medicine would be helpful next time&#8230;
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  what are some ways you&#8217;ve simplified your life?
</div>

<div>
  leave a comment, or email me: jessica @ sailbear.net
</div>