---
title: 'day #9: a new face'
author: jsmarquis
type: post
date: 2010-01-10T01:04:00+00:00
url: /2010/01/10/2010-01-day-9-new-face-html/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - changing routine
  - in-the-moment
  - makeup
  - mascara
  - unplanned

---
i just wanted to buy some mascara.

<div>
</div>

<div>
  <div>
    i had researched it for months in relation to my preferred mascara brand of several years,
  </div>
  
  <div>
    the green clinique tube i&#8217;ve perpetually used beyond the recommended 4 months.
  </div>
  
  <div>
    and as i sat in the chair receiving my impromptu 15-minute makeover,
  </div>
</div>

<div>
  i thought how comparatively impulsive it was for me to agree to <i>this</i>.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  the artist, a friendly woman named debbie, worked quickly as she informed me about the various products coating my face & eyes.
</div>

<div>
  she insisted my skin was dry & required &#8220;hydration&#8221;.
</div>

<div>
  &#8220;hydration&#8221; apparently feels like lacquer.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  now don&#8217;t get me wrong:
</div>

<div>
  i love makeup.
</div>

<div>
  i have a kaboodle kit &#8212;
</div>

<div>
  yes, i still own one
</div>

<div>
  &#8212; filled with various eyeshadows, lipsticks, & eyeliners that i employee throughout the week.
</div>

<div>
  i&#8217;ve been wearing an evolving regimen of products since i was 12.
</div>

<div>
  and i&#8217;ve settled on the fact that i am a lips & eye girl.
</div>

<div>
  but even those are in moderation.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  so when i peeked in the mirror after the final coat of mascara was applied,
</div>

<div>
  i was shocked at the array of colors that greeted me.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  after the initial befuddlement that impaired my response system,
</div>

<div>
  i was able to stammer that it was &#8220;fun.&#8221;
</div>

<div>
  after some careful blending & strategic product removal,
</div>

<div>
  i could confess i kinda liked it.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  you know, in that way that accepts a new situation but offers no personal commitment to it.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  debbie was pleased with her creation, having admittedly gotten carried away during the process due to me practicing a yes-and mentality.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  D: &#8220;i&#8217;m going to do two types of mascara, jessica.&#8221;
</div>

<div>
  J: &#8220;yes, and why not make it extra thick!&#8221;
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  i drove away with my new mascara & nothing more,
</div>

<div>
  save the free products that were thrown in for being a first-time customer
</div>

<div>
  (&, i like to believe, a good sport).
</div>

<div>
  at each stoplight, i chipped a few more layers off the spider-web eyelashes on my left eye,
</div>

<div>
  the length of which,
</div>

<div>
  due to the length-enhancing serum within <i>that</i> one type of mascara,
</div>

<div>
  bore a striking resemblance to falsies.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  my glossified lips formed into a smile at how i&#8217;d embraced an opportunity atypical to me:
</div>

<div>
  i met a new person & tried on a new face, all in the course of a fraction of an hour.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  <i>passion this year is about trying new things & experiencing the consequences,</i>
</div>

<div>
  <i>rather than fearing those consequences and missing out.</i>
</div>

<div>
  <i><br /></i>
</div>

<div>
  the cost of a tube of mascara was worth that lesson this afternoon.
</div>